README.md, before:

# StarWars-Starship-Calculator
StarWars API Starship Calculator

https://swapi.co/  

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

#Problem to solve:

We want to know for all SW star ships, to cover a given distance, how many stops for resupply are required.
The application will take as input a distance in mega lights (MGLT).
The output should be a collection of all the star ships and the total amount of stops required to make the distance between the planets.
All other application details are at your own discretion.

Sample output for 1000000 input:
Y-wing: 74
Millennium Falcon: 9
Rebel Transport: 11

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

#DOCUMENTATION - Steps to do

1. Create a simple user-interface to interact with the API

2. Take the input from the user and connect it with the API

3. Take the data from the API and show it to the user


#1. Create a simple user interface to interact with the API

Added original poster as a background, a div board, divided into 4 sections

-title

-inputs

-stats

#2. Connect the app with the API

Access the url https://swapi.co/api/starships/ to access JSON data for the starships

Send JSON data to an specific function to print onto the screen

#3. Store and access the data

Get JSON data and store name, MGLT and consumables data onto a variable

Create a new variable to do the calculation

Calculation steps:

- Need to know the total distance in hours a starship can cover 

- Multiply consumables results to get hours and store on new variable 

- (new variable) totalDistance = mglt * consumableHours

- resupplyStops = totalDistance / inputDistance

Show name and resupplyStops onto the screen

Commit message:

Done calculations, showing info on console, fixed minor issues

README.md, after:

# StarWars-Starship-Calculator
StarWars API Starship Calculator

https://swapi.co/  

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

#Problem to solve:

We want to know for all SW star ships, to cover a given distance, how many stops for resupply are required.
The application will take as input a distance in mega lights (MGLT).
The output should be a collection of all the star ships and the total amount of stops required to make the distance between the planets.
All other application details are at your own discretion.

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

#DOCUMENTATION - Steps to do

1. Create a simple user-interface to interact with the API

2. Take the input from the user and connect it with the API

3. Take the data from the API, process it and show info to the user


#1. Create a simple user interface to interact with the API

Added original poster as a background, a div board, divided into 4 sections

-title

-inputs

-stats

#2. Connect the app with the API

Access the url https://swapi.co/api/starships/ to access JSON data for the starships

Send JSON data to an specific function to print onto the screen

#3. Store and access the data

Get JSON data and store name, MGLT and consumables data into variables

Calculation steps:

- Need to know the total distance in hours a starship can cover 

- Multiply consumables results to get hours and store results on new variable 

- (new variable) totalDistance = mglt * hoursDistance

- calculateStops = totalDistance / inputDistance

Show name and number of stops onto the screen
